# Science Homework
## Page 382 Section Review

1. (True or False) Energy is cyclic in an ecosystem.

    **False**

2. How does the original energy enter most ecosystems?

    **Sunlight**

3. What is the smallest number of species that can be present in a food chain that includes a carnivore?

    **Three**

4. What is shown in the diagram to the left?

    **C, Food web**

5. What do decomposer organisms do?

    **They eat dead materials**

6. What is an ecological pyramid?

    **Illustrate energy relationships in a food chain**

7. What type of organism eats only plants?

    **D, Herbivore**

8. What percentage of the energy in a trophic level is usable by the organisms in the next higher trophic level?

    **10%**

9. Omnivores are always placed on the second level of an ecological pyramid.

    **No, it depends on what they eat**

10. Example of an independent organism.

    **Bacteria**

11. Example of an animal that mates for life.

    **Beaver**

12. A group of lions is called ?

    **A Pride**

13. What do schools, flocks, and herds have in common?

    **They are all the names of a animal society**

14. Give an example of a social insect other than bees.
    **Ants**

15. Does camouflage always consist of drab colors? Explain.

    **No, the color stays the same**

16. Competition only occurs between members of the same species.

    **False**

17. Predator-prey relationships can help keep the populations in an ecosystem balanced.

    **Yes**

18. Two examples of commensalism.

    **ClownFishes live in the thingy so bad guys won't find them**

19. What type of relationship between species is beneficial to both

    **mutualism**

20. A lichen is an obligatory mutualism be- tween an alga and a fungus.

    **True**

21. The organism from which a parasite obtains energy is called the?

    **Host**

    ---
    ###### Eric Zhu - 8C - 4/26/18