# S.S. Classwork
## Great Depression Chapter Review

1. What did Hoover do to end the Depression? Why did his solutions not work?
    **He tried to make a lot of different new deal policy but most of them didn't work.**

2. Explain the Smoot-Hawley Tariff’s effect on the US economy during the Depression
    **Smoot-Hawley Tariff is a tariff which the US government place on the import goods from other countries but the other countries put higher tariff on US goods so it backfired.**

3. What role did war reparations play in the Depression?
    **Nothing, because we got no money from Germany because they got to pay the other countries.**

4. Explain how the Social Security system was supposed to work, and state the problem that it faces today.
    **The Social Security System was made for almost retired people so they can start saving money when they are working so they can use it later.**

5. Why did FDR want to increase the number of justices on the Supreme Court? What resulted from his attempt to do so?
    **The FDR want to increase the number of justices on the Supreme Court because they want the people to follow the new deal policy, And he got rejected.**

6. Identify FDR’s major critics and briefly explain their alternatives to the New Deal
    **FDR made a national recovery association that helps people get their jobs back. He also make more government jobs that hires people with no skills**

7. What are some of the ongoing consequences of the New Deal?
    **The US government still have a lot of impact on the citizen's life**

8. Is the Social security program, which was established during the New Deal, a benefit to the nation? Explain.
    **yes, for a short therms. It help the nation at that time, but it still have some negative impact on our life to this day.**

9. Describe how the Depression changed Americans
    **The great Depression changed Americans view on themselves and the economy in many ways. But it still have some negative impact on our life to this day.**

###### Eric Zhu - 8C - 5/3/18 - Be Happy!